Task 1. Write an S++ program to populate a two-dimensional dynamic array
with randomly generated integers in the interval [-12, 122]. Number of columns and count
of rows to be entered by the user. Do not use any structure other than
data (eg vector, list, map, ….)! Only work with two-dimensional
dynamic array! Use a numeric data type!

Task 2. Write a C++ program by which the array from task 1 to
change so that all elements above but without the secondary diagonal are 0. No
use another data structure (eg vector, list, map, ….)!
Only work with a 2D dynamic array! The result should
be in the array from problem 1 (note the phrase “the array of
task 1 to change…”)! Use a numeric data type!

Task 3. Write an S++ program by which the array from Task 1 to
change so that all elements below the main diagonal, including it to
are replaced by the sum of their indices, raised to a power equal to the order in which
they find Do not use any other data structure (eg vector, list,
map, ….)! Only work with a 2D dynamic array! The result
must be in the array from task 1 (note the phrase "
the array from task 1 to change…”)! Use a numeric data type!

Task 4. Write a C++ program to print the array from Task 1
in spiral order. Do not use any other data structure (eg
vector, list, map, ….)! Only work with a 2D dynamic array!
Use a numeric data type!

Problem 5. Given a one-dimensional array of n integers (1 < n < 100). To
write a program that finds the number of even elements with an odd sequence
array number that belong to the interval [p, q]. All values
to be entered by the user. Do not use any other data structure
(eg vector, list, map, ….)! Only work with a one-dimensional array!
Use a numeric data type!

Problem 6. Given a one-dimensional array of n integers (1 < n < 100). To
write a program that finds:
a) the sequence number of the first positive element;
b) the sequence number of the last positive element;
c) the sequence number of the p-th positive element of the array.
If such an element is not contained in the array, the sequence number to be assigned
-1. All values ​​to be entered by the user. Do not use another
data structure (eg vector, list, map, ….)! Work only with
one dimensional array! Use a numeric data type!

Task 7. To write a program that displays on the screen all the numbers from
given a one-dimensional array of integers that are multiples of their indices. No
use another data structure (eg vector, list, map, ….)!
Only work with a one-dimensional array! Use a numeric data type!

Task 8. To write a program that converts the first n elements (1 <
n < 100) of the one-dimensional array A as follows:
- if Ai < i, then Ai should be squared;
- if Ai = i, the sign of Ai changes
;
- if Ai > i , 1 is subtracted from Ai.
Do not use any other data structure (eg vector, list, map, ….)!
Only work with a one-dimensional array! Use a numeric data type!

Task 9. To write a program that enters n numbers (1 < n < 100) and so on
this brings them up:
a) in reverse order;
b) first those in even positions and then those in odd positions;
c) in random order (random shuffle).
Do not use any other data structure (eg vector, list, map, ….)!
Only work with a one-dimensional array! Use a numeric data type!

Problem 10. Given a one-dimensional array of integers a0, a1, ..., an-1, (1 < n < 100).
Write a program that compacts an array by deleting duplicates
elements. When deleting an element, the array must resize.
Do not use any other data structure (eg vector, list, map, ….)!
Only work with a one-dimensional array! Use a numeric data type!