Task 1. To write a program that checks whether a string of length is not greater
of 19 is a palindrome, i.e. even from left to right and from right to left is the same.
You are using C-character strings, DO NOT use the string data type! No
use data structures, work only with C-characters
strings

Problem 2. Given an array of n strings (n > 1) with a length not greater than 9. To
write a program that checks whether the sequence is monotonically decreasing, by
string relation. You are using C-strings, DON'T
data type string! Do not use data structures other than
array!

Task 3. To write a program that enters a square matrix of strings with
length not greater than 9. The program to check if the matrix is ​​symmetrical
about its main diagonal. You are using C-strings, DON'T
data type string! Do not use data structures other than
square matrix!

Problem 4. Given an array of n strings representing integers (> 999), where each
a number is represented as a string (eg ”1234”, “5678”, “9101”, “1213”). Yes
write a program that finds the arithmetic mean of the elements of
the row. You use C-character strings, DO NOT use the data type
strings! Do not use data structures other than an array!

Problem 5. Given a square table Anxn (1 < n < 20) of strings representing words with
maximum length 6. To write a program that checks whether the word s
meeting in the part above the secondary main diagonal of A (including it).
You are using C-character strings, DO NOT use the string data type! No
use data structures other than a square matrix!

Problem 6. Given a square table Anxn (1 < n < 20) of strings containing words with
maximum length 6. To write a program that checks whether the sentence,
obtained after the concatenation of the words from the main diagonal (starting from the bottom
right corner) matches the sentence obtained after the concatenation of the words from
the secondary main diagonal of A (starting from the upper right corner). You are using C strings, DO NOT use the string data type! Do not use
data structures other than a square matrix!